Clarify @nearBindgen inheritance limits (#983)
near/docs: docs/develop/contracts/as/intro.md

// see https://github.com/near/near-sdk-as/blob/master/assembly/__tests__/runtime/model.ts
```

> `@nearBindgen` is a decorator made for the serialization of custom classes before they are saved to storage onto the blockchain. Importantly, `@nearBindgen` does not support class inheritance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@nearBindgen` is a decorator made for the serialization of custom classes before they are saved to storage onto the blockchain.

:::note
Please note that `@nearBindgen` does not support class inheritance.
:::
```
